We now have our base class of repository put together.
So now we can use this to create our products repository very easily.
Remember the product's repository is going to have basically all the identical implementation as the
repository based class.
Right now there's not really any customization we need to do to handling products.
So to create this new class inside of my repositories directory I'll make a new file called products
that J.S. than inside of here will require in our product.
Me a repository based class
will then create our products repository so products repository that's going to extend repository and
then in this case like I said we don't really have any special implementation to add inside of here
just yet.
So we can really just condense down the curly braces like so far right now until we decide to come back
and add in some additional methods to override the ones that are inside of repository so then at the
bottom we're going to create an instance of products repository and export it.
Remember the reason that we're creating a instance inside this file we went over this with the users
in great detail so at the bottom we're creating an instance right here and immediately exporting it
so that there's no possibility of us ever accidently mis typing users.
Jason if we otherwise had to create a new instance of users repository every time that we tried to use
it to back inside of products I'll do a module that exports is new products repository and we'll pass
in the name of the file to save all this data too.
So we'll call this one as you might guess products Dot.
Jason Okay.
So that's pretty much it.
So now we can go back over to our roots admin products dot J S file here it is right here and I'm going
to require in that product's repository at the very top.
So we can then start to create new products list out the ones we have and so on so at the very top I'll
do products.
Repo is require we're going to go up into the roots directory up into the root directory go into repositories
and get products.
So up one up to repositories products not users.
There we go okay.
So that's pretty much it.
Like I said we can now use this product's repo to list out all the products we have and eventually show
a form to create new ones as well.
So it doesn't make a lot of sense to try to show any when we don't have any yet.
So let's take a pause right here we'll come back the next video we'll start to build a forum that can
be used to create a new product and store it inside of our repository.
So quick puzzle take care of that in just a moment.